What kind of Donbass Colin is raised
just bent it and the mind is not stick
the bad ones both stole and
on and the poorest about garbage and you about the cube and
spray mills wound brook
pensioners
same marriage and dugu same bad 5g because there is
still gives up the economy on Russia from
truthfully smoothly but the circle of y I holy break
daily food riots
Yakim has long been rolled by the Russian world
allegedly on and the Ukrainian squad such
continuing to pay pensions
dolby mane ted them whos hair i envy
cream not mind Ukraine
and in cat slang throwing the ball soon
will end the cake and Ukraine similar
love whips crimea kind of benefits of civilization
online without Ukrainian sanctions under the wing
Russia and Crimea get on easily
on pivas grass is already ripening food riots
neither water nor food toilets in general Russia
the carcass itself the situation you decide on can and
When last Ukrainians call Michel
bargain with Crimea product market
collected 84 bad certificate already
Russian analyst from you spend the night in
Semu Masha ends in the occupied
territories can not hear 8 moscow demolished too
the more guys that fight videos on
Donbas Holographic situation is short
motif feather region
it alternates those who are all the lords I will come
loop terrible terrorist bunch die even
stupid i'll die freeze so the situation
margins cheese said they would start
limit for power supply
still squeezed terrorists on their young
domineering business with water bra
sell engine with bright bush probe
his on the skis from the farmers takes the harvest and
Kai Putin does not sell with the whole population
it is a turn nobody gave a pension not
Monica land tours are also a type
hack que ma 387 thousand retire this
it's you against the Ukraine was not like this
people and sour hairy for you and so
further in the world replacing hinges kudlashka
until dnr extort visible hack flag
but doctors he you have to author the author down to
all the republics just scary wants
roll dice want to spend
I beg
square experts letting
Nun Ukraine continues to Icon's
its fun I followed her momentum we too you
In the Donbas, the amount you trail is enormous
who you pay to chop ukrainian fled
to on a 30 billion face drive area 22
billion
Lugansk would be Ukraine today
go on economical tear me a tree
my wife and buy not for iraq coaches not
for gas and then a new scandal Ukraine
prophets and mines on kupava not
Territory Mayzhe 3 billion hryvnia
the price of 2 billion these three billion these
send souvenirs on the river led year
runs tediously supports turnover to the ministry
she vomits and kotu wine right word
stevie cyc melone in view rotates
this is a provocation allegedly ministry
I paid money to terrorists not a penny
paid let them check any organs not
tons of coal did not buy from terrorists
doctor riding program you exclusive
mind
let fixed mounting in scream
rubble take out hundreds of tons of bukhin for with
Donbas global shah from at law
cocoons
Russia and the data of the occupied Ukraine
everyday
respect
paths to the gel in control and no men
employee
fuck happy steal and we pay for
but a loader
2 billion will pay in the territories
controlled by terrorists Ukraine
Independence and May his swim
in the laws Sedunova nasty forged
highest Ukraine
Conclusion international creatures banned com
Russia
but the background and zara is flooded with marvel and qnap
four what happens to us banks we
powder here and the loader to the conduct
state employees in the territory but with us
time off
and c9 windows budivelnik terrorists by
man would absolutely skarn and we naftogaz
Ukraine to look at the round in Russia
put a gas at the cramer
the self-proclaimed republics of mouth is not
dill camp so call elections on
occupied territories pseudo laws
choice in the Donbas put an end to
peaceful direct over only Ukrainian and
near a terrorist to bourgeois new
refueling with new and laid way
political dialogue
President doing Donbass special
status and killer and blocked
occupied by terrorists and donbass
last electricity and economy mode
we will you mouse already you would run
sour kumi lacoste and you're forever and
Ukrainian Vlady
and before these western politicians who considered
do not carry bullets so to called
literature you rusii on pobachim began
led will find and then Russia by us
Crimea 5 900 km of the territory of Ukraine 27000
square by window and squad spin
Millions of people in St. Donbas already
thousands so hot
yaks are the most sanctions against the Donbass and
what are elected for wire this
Ukrainian Vlad god and secret to allow
row firmly you decided to terrorists on by
bestowing greedy droplets ready moment docks
the territory of Donetsk and Lugansk regions
will be controlled by all sorts
impostors central budget not people
here and
because damned cats smoke terrorist
financially you will not dumku passive
tefnoy peach rock Ainu Yakima I bring
thousand Ukraine see whip and electricity
tagaz put them ultimatum applies
blame yourself ok not that for cob
turn off you spent three we what to
two days and steel for not turning off the gas from
those who want a twisted way out and leaving on
feet edge rod slightly and all
smear and access to brooches people
retirement age of the river wash porn
shaded cool come out here
they voted for here DNI past problems
mech minister such become finances not
center on the choice che commission connor
other on the bulletin
besides the problems on the other you are in the grove
trade bathe and no problem at the banks
in the occupied territories on can
prophet 's here and greedy will buy and for
social benefits be caress
manifest to the mainland what do you want
come off retirement because in the territory
Ukraine in trimay who is the prophet
a grove of data is bought by eyebrow
clear account there
and eu3 you are cool social networks of terrorists
it becomes known for the right genies
military camp
conducts a risk camp on
target bad territories cash Donetsk
Lana gas and be Donbass laying
kind of such a way Ukrainian vlad
want mitten problems we go out
from political such installation on brother
water tits will be foreign
and we jump I do not build Abkhazia to whom the site